CNV-15425: Add CNV NUMA topology docs (#99140)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/managing_vms/advanced_vm_management/virt-NUMA-topology.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
[id="virt-NUMA-topology"]
= Working with NUMA topology for virtual machines
:context: virt-NUMA-topology

toc::[]

include::snippets/about-numa.adoc[]

include::modules/virt-using-NUMA.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/virt-NUMA-prereqs.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="virt-NUMA-topology-create-VM"]
== Creating a VM with NUMA functionality enabled

VM owners can enable NUMA with `ComputeExclusive` (CX) instance types, which are specifically designed for high-performance, compute-intensive workloads, and are configured to use NUMA features.

For information about creating VMs using a CX instance type, see xref:../../../virt/creating_vm/virt-creating-vms-from-instance-types.adoc#virt-creating-vms-from-instance-types[Creating virtual machines from instance types].

> 

Reviewer: Okay lets do this in a follow up as well as I don't have an env to provide an example at the moment.

https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CNV-70996

[id="virt-NUMA-topology-disabling-hotplugs"]
== Disabling the hotplug capability for VMs

> _Hotplugging_ is the ability to add resources like memory or CPU dynamically to a VM while it is running.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_Hot plugging_ is the ability to add resources like memory or CPU dynamically to a VM while it is running.
```

Reviewer 2: use hot plug instead of hotplug
